Yufeng, you can't be with Li Xiaoya
Why Xiaoya is really nice
Cousin, don't because of his bad background
Are you prejudiced against him?
Why are you so stupid?
Li Xiaoya is not what you think
He joined the modeling agency
I've slept with a lot of people
Impossible Xiaoya is not that kind of person
I personally heard what other people in the company said
otherwise
How could he possibly afford so many big-name clothes?
He's a country girl with no money and no power
In the midst of model marriage
My silly brother
Wake up.
Impossible I don't believe it
Doesn't Li Xiaoya have a classmate named Jia'er?
Also a model
Can't you just ask him?
Jia'er, let me ask you something.
Has Li Xiaoya slept with many men?
I don't know.
Is it annoying?
After you broke up with him
Debt collectors are in hot pursuit
What do you think he can do as a girl?
So he is?
If you have a backstage, you are afraid of not having money.
In the modeling circle, there are ways to get money quickly
It turns out that what Shanshan said is true
Li Xiaoya
I like you so much
That's how you treat me